---
---
Redovisning kmom01
=========================

###Har du tidigare kunskaper (eller förutfattade meningar) i objektorienterad programmering i PHP eller något annat språk?

I have no previous experience with object-oriented programming in PHP. However I have a good amount of experience with it in C++.

###Hur gick det att komma in i PHP och programmering med objekt och klasser?

It was fairly easy to get started. Since the syntax for creating classes is very similar between PHP and C++.

###Hur det gick det att utföra uppgiften “Gissa numret”?

It went pretty smoothly. I decided to add a few extra variables that were a bit beyond the scope of the assignment, to allow the game to be run with a varying amount of attempts or with a range of numbers outside of 1-100.

###Vilken taktik valde du för att lagra spelet i sessionen?

I simply stored the entire object. It made the most sense to me, since all the variables in the object were relevant to store.

###Gick det bra att komma igång med Git och GitHub (du gjorde samma i kursen design)?

It was no problem since it was just the same as in the design course. The only annoyance I ran into is that with my new setup, Git for some reason isn't recognizing my ssh keys, so I'm stuck typing my password every time until I can sort that out.

###Har du några inledande reflektioner kring me-sidan och dess struktur?

I can't say I really have any particular reflections regarding the me-page. Since it's more or less the same as the me-page in the design course it was very intuitive to get started with it.

###Vilken är din TIL för detta kmom?

I'd have to say the autoloader was a very neat utility I learned about. It's really nice to not have to worry about including class definitions.
