---
---
Redovisning kmom02
=========================

###Berätta om din syn på modellering likt UML jämfört med verktyg som phpDocumentor. Fördelar, nackdelar, användningsområde? Vad tycker du om konceptet make doc?

I think they both play an important part. UML seems more suited to give a simple cursory overlook of a project where as phpDocumentor rather is more suited to more in-depth probing. Being able to automatically generate documentation in an easily readable format with 'make doc' is a great tool. 

###Hur gick det att överföra spelet “Gissa mitt nummer” in i din me-sida, hade du en bra grundstruktur du kunde behålla eller fick du skriva om mycket av koden?

It was a fairly painless process transferring the game over. There a few improvements I could make to the code, but for the purposes of transferring the code over to the me page it was good enough. The main thing I did was split the POST route I used for playing the game. I moved the cheat and reset functions to their own GET routes instead and kept only the main guess loop in the POST route.

###Hur känns det att skriva kod utanför och inuti ramverket, ser du fördelar och nackdelar med de olika sätten?

It was quite interesting. I think on the one hand if I had written the game inside the framework from the get go, it would have been a bit easier to integrate it. On the other hand, by not having to worry about fitting it into framework at first, it was probably a bit simple to write it. It's probably easier to fit the game into other frameworks by first writing it as a standalone too.

###Vilken är din TIL för detta kmom?

Getting to grips with phpDocumentor I'd have to say was the main thing this moment.
