---
---
Redovisning kmom03
=========================

###Har du tidigare erfarenheter av att skriva kod som testar annan kod?

I have only very limited experience with this kind of testing, so it's a fairly new process for me.

###Hur ser du på begreppen enhetstestning och “att skriva testbar kod”?

Unit testing to me seems like a really nice way to do focused tests in order to narrow down where potential problems in your code are occurring. Writing testable code I consider to practically be a must, if you can't thoroughly test your code, the risk of bugs not getting caught increases drastically.

###Förklara kort begreppen white/grey/black box testing samt positiva och negativa tester, med dina egna ord.

White box testing is testing the internals of an application, making sure that code executes as expected, this requires a lot of knowledge about the source code. Black box testing on the other is about testing the functionality of an application, to put it simply, making sure that the application does what it is supposed to. Grey box testing is essentially a hybrid of the two. Positive tests are tests that look to ensure the application is working as expected, where as negative tests instead try to cause the application to fail in some way.

###Berätta om hur du löste uppgiften med Tärningsspelet 100, hur du tänkte, planerade och utförde uppgiften samt hur du organiserade din kod?

My plan was to make 2 classes beyond the Dice and DiceHand classes, a player class and a game class. The player class would contain a DiceHand as well as track its own score. Where as the game class would handle the bulk of the game logic. Most of the game logic is managed by 2 methods of the DiceGame class, doRoll() and endTurn(). The basic function of these is pretty self-explanatory, doRoll() rolls the player's dice and tallies up the score for the round, while endTurn() adds the round score (if any) to the total and passes the turn to the next player. To handle the computer's action I added a refresh header whenever it's the computer's turn to act, this way every dice roll from the computer is presented to the player without needing any manual input.

The DiceGame class wound up getting a bit larger than I would've preferred. But with everything needed for the game being contained in the class as private variables it makes it easier to prevent cheating. Aside from the (very minimal) computer opponent decision making, I've kept the routes as clean from code as I could. I thought about making a class to handle the computer's decision making, but since it's only a single if statement with 4 conditionals I decided to keep it in the route for now.

###Hur väl lyckades du testa tärningsspelet 100?

In the unit tests I managed to get around 90% of the lines covered with only a very small amount of tests. In terms of manual testing I played out around 5 or 6 games versus the computer. Getting to 100% coverage would be quite tricky, given the random nature of dice rolling, so I decided the coverage I had in addition to the manual tests was good enough.

###Vilken är din TIL för detta kmom?

I'll keep this simple and say I learned to make unit tests.
