---
---
Redovisning kmom04
=========================

###Vilka är dina tankar och funderingar kring trait och interface?

They're both really nice ways to help make code more modular. More modular code makes it easier to avoid repeating yourself, which is always a great thing.

###Är du sedan tidigare bekant med begreppet kontroller eller är det nytt och oavsett vad, hur känner du inför begreppet?

Only from the earlier htmlphp course. Those were implemented a bit differently, but I suppose the principle is more or less the same. Though by encapsulating the controller to a class, access to variables and methods that a certain page needs can more easily be restricted only to that page.

###Hur gick det att skapa intelligensen och taktiken till tärningsspelet, hur gjorde du?

Same as in the last moment, I put the decision making for the computer in an if statement in the page controller. I added a couple more conditionals to it in order to make it a bit more aggressive when the game is close to ending. It probably would be more appropriate to put this into a class, but it's so basic I don't feel it's worth it.

###Några reflektioner från att integrera hårdare in i ramverkets klasser och struktur?

It's nice, it feels more appropriate, the framework is very intuitive to use. I already used the framework's layer of `Anax\Session` in the previous moment, so I didn't have to spend time making that change. The page controller I have to say was deceptively simple to implement.

###Berätta hur väl du lyckades med make test inuti ramverket och hur väl du lyckades att testa din kod med enhetstester (med eller utan kontrollerklassen) och vilken kodtäckning du fick.

I think I managed to test my code fairly thoroughly. A lot of the tests I made _seem_ pretty useless, like testing whether a value is an array. But I suppose making sure functions return the correct type of values is still a somewhat useful test. My overall code coverage for the game is 71%.

###Vilken är din TIL för detta kmom?

I can't say anything in particular stands out this moment. But I guess I learned to make use of traits.
